Most people don't know this, but this is
how you rank number one on Google. Most
people think traffic is just about SEO,
but that's only part of the puzzle in
2025. As someone who's been in marketing
for over 24 years, I want to share my
step-by-step system for blowing up your
website traffic this year. And today,
I'm going to reveal it for the very
first time. First, ranking number one on
Google starts with this. Uber SEO site
audit tool identifies broken pages, low
word counts, duplicate titles, and site
speed issues, just to name a few. and it
gives you step-by-step instructions on
how to fix it. What I love about the
Uber says site audit report, not only
does it tell you how to fix it, but it
tells you what order to do it in based
on what should impact your traffic the
most. And these hidden errors confuse
search engines. And if your site isn't
crawable, your content doesn't matter.
Using this auto report gives you a
prioritized road map so you know what to
fix first that'll have the biggest
impact. Good SEO isn't just about your
site, though. It's about beating your
competition. When you create a project
within Uber Suggest, it monitors your
competitors as well, your rankings, your
backlinks, and your fresh content, too.
So, you can reverse engineer what's
working for you and your competition.
SEO is a race, not against Google, but
against the top ranking sites in your
space. And tracking your competitors
gives you real-time insights on what's
working, so you can move faster and
smarter. Your content won't rank unless
you do this. Uberess reveals keyword
volume, SEO difficulty, and cost per
click. This is what someone's willing to
pay per click if they're bidding on this
keyword in a Google ad. The key is to
find low keyword difficulty. That means
it's easy to rank for and high cost
perclick keywords because that signals
money-making opportunities. If a
business is willing to spend a lot of
money on a cost perclick ad, that
usually means that keywords driving
conversions. And if it's easy to rank
for, that means if you target that
keyword and rank at the top, you're much
more likely to not only get traffic, but
traffic that converts into revenue. And
the best part about these keywords is
they're easy for even small businesses
to start seeing wins with. Most people
think AI can do everything SEO for them.
But you should avoid using AI for this
one thing. We did an experiment with 68
websites. We created 744 articles, half
human ran, the other half AI written
with human assistance. The human written
content got 5x more traffic than the AI
content on a monthly basis from Google.
Google's algorithm rewards E experience,
expertise, authority, and trust, which
AI struggles to replicate. AI just
creates regurgitated information that
everyone already sees on the web. It
doesn't mean AI is useless. AI is still
very useful for a lot of tasks such as
content ideation or helping you adjust
the tonality of your content or even
translating and transcribing your
content into multiple languages so that
way you can rank on Google overseas.
This is one of the easiest ways to boost
your SEO. Uberess backlinks opportunity
report shows you all the sites linking
to your competitors but not you. See, if
someone links not one, not two, but
three plus of your competitors and they
don't link to you, they're pretty much
competitor agnostic in which they're
willing to link to anyone. And if you
can create better content than your
competition and you hit that site up,
they're much more likely to link to you
because they link to other competitors.
And if your page is more up-to-date and
fresh and more thorough and detailed and
provides a better user experience, why
wouldn't they swap out one of those
links or just add a link to you? And you
can even personalize the outreach by
creating a custom email with chat GPT
and then shoot that off to each
individual site that you're reaching out
for a link for. To win SEO in the long
term, you need to do this. Branded
searches, people typing in your name or
your company name into Google is a major
ranking factor. and your content. When
you push it across social media and
email, it increases people looking and
searching for your brand. See, in 2025,
the average person interacts with the
brand 11.1 times before they buy. So,
you need to be everywhere they're
hanging out. And when you go omni
channel with your content, you put it on
social media, email, SMS, and more
channels, it builds brand equity that
lifts your SEO and your traffic results
because it causes more people to search
for your brand on Google. Your old
website content isn't dead. It just
needs a refresh. I want you to go into
Google Search Console and look for
declining posts. When you look at the
top keywords that are driving you
traffic, Google Search Console also has
a page tab. You can look at the pages
that are getting traffic. You can
compare the results over the previous
year. The pages that are declining in
traffic usually need to be updated with
new stats, better formatting, or even
information that they may be missing.
See, Google favors fresher content. This
is why Wikipedia ranks for everything on
Google because it's consistently
updated. Would you rather read a
three-year-old article or a 3-w week old
article? Of course, you're going to pick
the 3-w week old article cuz it's more
fresh, updated, probably more relevant
to what you're looking for by revisiting
your old content and continually
updating it. It drives more gains and
Google Search Console shows you the
posts that are declining, which are the
posts that need to be updated, and you
can prioritize the ones based on the
biggest traffic drops. Avoid these SEO
mistakes at all costs. Having multiple
pages on the same topic makes Google
unsure which one to rank, so none of
them perform well. You need to have a
clear website structure, a main page,
supporting articles that all link back,
and a logical hierarchy. I want you to
think about a library. If your website
is on marketing like mine is, when you
go into a library, wouldn't you expect
all the marketing content to be in one
section and the SEO content to be in a
subsection of that? and there wouldn't
be a book on link building and then
another book on link building across the
library in a totally different section.
Google focuses rankings based on topics.
You need to cover a topic thoroughly and
cover it fully and don't have competing
articles. This way you start ranking
better and faster. Now, if you enjoyed
this video on SEO, check out this other
video on how Google's dying. They're
still really popular, but they're dying
in market share. And here's how you need
to adapt.